The Joe Rogan.
Experience. People are using these debates,
knowing that they're going to get these sound bites and knowing that, and,
and you could see some of them work like yours with Kamel Harris,
and then some of 'em don't like when she was attacking Elizabeth Warren for not
wanting Trump to get kicked off of Twitter, <laugh> like,
do you read his Twitter? It's fantastic. Keep him on.
That's the best way we understand who he really is. Yeah. I mean,
you could get some of that outta speeches,
but when he posts a picture of Greenland with a giant Trump tower in it and
says, I promise not to do this. Listen, if you're on team America,
you want that guy to keep tweeting <laugh>. Cause that was, you know,
what's going on. It's hilarious too. Well.
You, you called it a while ago. When you, when you say, Hey, no one,
there's no comedians that have run that have that skill, which Trump has of yes.
Cracking jokes, making fun of people,
letting the other jokes roll off of his back.
Cuz he doesn't care what people say about him. Basically.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and no one's really had to contend with that until now.
Yeah. It's really interesting. Like no one knows how to handle it.
It's really fun. I mean, when you watch the original Republican debates,
when he was running for president and he starts attacking these guys,
you see them <laugh> Marvin Walker will all the nicknames, you see lock up,
you know, crazy Ted, like he's going after me. He's ruining my thing.
It's just, it's it's a, it's a nutty place to, to watch. What was it?
Do you get to hang out with cammal Harris backstage? No.
No. I mean there's there a way when everybody, no, there's there's like a, a,
just like a little holding area kind of space,
like a lot smaller than this room, so, and.
Oh, you're all hanging out in there together. Um, during.
The commercial breaks. Yeah. But you say anything to you, do.
You have eye contact with her?
No. Uh, maybe every now and then, but um, I,
I honestly like <laugh> Yeah. I, I I'm,
I'm probably not on the top of her friend list.
Yeah, you Sanged battleship and.
Then, I mean, Hillary Clinton. Yeah. I was in, well,
how what's up with that war <laugh> yeah. Cause again, you know,
she's the matriarch of the,
of the Clinton and family and there she is the hero to many people of
the democratic party and you two are scrapping
<laugh> it's. Did that start when you did that start you, did you,
you supported Bernie in 2016. Is that where it started?
Yeah. Okay. That and that was something, um, yeah, back in, in 2016,
I was the vice chair of the democratic national committee. Um,
therefore as an officer of the DNC had to remain neutral in the presidential
election, which was my plan to do so. Um,
I really made the decision to resign from that seat so that I could endorse
Bernie Sanders largely be, or actually largely because of his, um,
difference with Hillary Clinton and foreign policy, you know,
Hillary Clinton had, uh, you know, very much of an interventionist in,
in my opinion, um, kind of the,
the war Hawk regime change war policy that she had shown throughout her time,
both in the administration, as well as, as us Senator and Bernie Sanders,
you know, lean the other way. He's, he's more of a non-iintervenionist.
And I saw that in the, those debates at that time,
the conversations that were the media was not bringing up this difference
between the two of them.
So the voters could make an informed choice of who they want their commanderin
chief to be, which to me, just as, you know, as a soldier, as a veteran,
as mayor, I'm like, how can you not be putting this issue at the forefront?
So I resigned from that position,
endorsed Bernie Sanders started going out and just talking about and raising
these issues, uh, on the campaign trail.
But I remember one of the first interviews that I did on MSNBC, the,
the host of the show saying, uh,
aren't you afraid of what the Clintons will do to,
you said this on live television <laugh> and uh.
Scary family.
Oh man. You know, my, my answer was no, obviously, but it was amaz it, it was,
it was, um, interesting to see the reaction like the, the days after,
when I first went back to DC,
after I made that announcement of endorsement and friends of mine, you know,
politicians in Washington, they were like, man,
T like go with God, sister <laugh>.
It's a different, it's a different animal. See,
like if you get into some sort of verbal altercation with Joe Biden,
there's no concern for your life. <laugh> like, I'm not saying it's real or not.
Yeah. But, but the rumor is always, there's a thing called Biden body.
Body count. Yeah. Joe Biden. I that''s.
Real, I don't think it is Israels. Probably some of it,
most of it let's say it's all made up. <laugh> the fact that that's out there,
that the thought is out there, that they will whack you. Well.
There's there's I mean, the people who are saying, Hey, look, you know,
there are lists that are kept and your political career will be over.
That was really the message that I got from,
from people who've been around the block a few times.
And I think the most recent thing that, um,
that came up with what Hillary Clinton said about me is, is not,
it's not a, a spat between two people. It really just shows the,
the complete difference and, um,
the conflict in our foreign policy views of the,
what I call the Bush Clinton doctrine of interventionism and regime change wars
and, and war Moning versus, uh, what I'm putting forward,
which is let's stop the regime, change war world's police policies,
uh, work to end this new cold war and arms race,
put the interest of the American people.
First always ensuring that we have a strong and capable,
ready military to defend our nation and our people, um,
and honoring that service and sacrifice that,
that our troops give by only sending them on missions worthy of their sacrifice,
maximizing diplomacy engagement with other countries in the world through
cooperation rather than conflict, and always seeing is a last resort.
So that conflict that you're seeing in the media that's been playing out.
And again,
why you're seeing so much of the corporate media and the political machine
attacking me is because of this difference is because of this change in foreign
policy that I'm bringing about because when it comes right down to it, you know,
whether you're going back to back to the cold war, back to Vietnam, or back to,
you know, the Iraq war we throwing Saddam huain Libya gdafi,
the media has always kind of been this cheerleading voice for these wars to
happen, sending a very clear narrative out to the American people.
And I think it comes down to it's good business for them. It's good ratings.
Make.
Some money. I want, I wanna talk to you about that,
but I wanna talk to you about what she said to you or about you rather yeah.
That she said that you are a Russian asset. That was,
that was the insinuation, right? Yeah.
Like what was the base of that and how does someone completely baseless?
But that's, what's weird. Right?
How does someone who was running for president <affirmative> and it is
one of the most prominent politicians in our country.
How do they get away with something? Some saying something that's,
that's such a huge accusation with no information to back it up.
Um, it would be a good question for, uh, a normal person.
But when you look at the power of the Clinton machine,
when you look at the power of the political establishment,
which is made up of people who are either, you know, part of the,
the, um, Clinton so-called family,
or who are part of this political establishment that is built on the same
foundation that she, Hillary Clinton laid.
When you look at the media establishment,
who've been pushing a lot of the same narrative and a lot of the same message.
Then you can see how somebody gets away with calling a sitting member
of Congress, a candidate for president, uh, soldier,
actively serving the army national guard in of two middle east deployments,
basically a trader to the country that I love and that I'm willing to lay my
life down for and to get away with it without any evidence or base whatsoever.
Not just that, but no pushback. No, that was the most bizarre thing. No,
no one said, hold on, what are you saying? She is,
you're saying she's a Russian asset. Define what do you mean by that?
Do you mean an unwitting Russian asset?
Are you saying that Russia's behind her to try to,
to do something against Bernie or Elizabeth Warren or whatever the consensus
pick is? Like, what are you saying? There was no, no questions like that.
There were no.
Questions like that. And, and look, even if there were, um,
Whiting or unwiting,
so she's being ly either saying that I'm a trader to my nation or that I am
UN unwiting asset,
which means basically you are too stupid and too naive,
uh,
to know that you are being used to further the interests of a nation,
other than our own, both of which are, are, are deeply,
deeply offensive. And again, without any base. And I think that that's the,
like, this is bigger, this isn't, this is really not about me, the,
the danger here of what she did and how the media responded and
how almost every single other candidate for president refused to
comment refused to denounce what she said.
Um, burnt. I think Bernie is an exception. Maryanne Williamson, Andrew Yang.
Couple of them had the courage to say, Hey, look, this is ridiculous. Um,
the fact that that was, that was the response is really,
um, it has a chilling effect on our freedom of speech in this country.
And it sends a message that whether it's Tulsi Gabbard or any other American
or any other veteran who dares to stand up and challenge
the establishment challenge,
this foreign Paul see narrative call for peace call for an end to these
senseless, unnecessary regime change wars. Then you too can be smeared.
Your character can be smeared.
Do, do you ever think you could reach a tipping point where this happens enough?
This kind of thing happens where you just say, all right,
I'm done with in this case, the democratic part, I mean,
even after what they did to Bernie in 2016, right.
That I'm sure that had to be a tipping point for a lot of people that said,
wait a second, this is the guy we wanted and you totally hose him.
And now we got this, this woman over here, but we didn't want him, how much,
how many times can this happen before people go, oh, you know,
I'm done with this.
I, I, I see this as something that's bigger than just the democratic party, uh,
because we see this, um, we see how this kind of, uh,
foreign policy elite and establishment in Washington,
it has crossed both parties, uh, over different times. Uh,
and it's something that I think goes much deeper than that. I'm,
I'm working to bring about reforms in the democratic party to,
to make it so that it is more democratic, more open, more transparent, um,
you know, more inclusive and welcoming of people who, you know,
may agree on some issues, disagree on others.
But one that is actually serving as, as a, um,
a platform for the people fighting for the people,
thinking about what's in the best interest of the people that that's the kind of
change in reform that, that I I'm working to bring about, uh, in the party.
But I think the forces that we are challenging here are, are actually much, uh,
bigger than.
That. I mean, you gotta give a lot of credit to the Republican party because the
establishment Republicans,
the last human being in the world that they wanted as to run for president
called Republican ticket was Donald J. Trump. Right. And,
and they tried hard to beat it. They tried, they tried.
Yeah. But once he was in, they said, that's our president. Yeah.
And that's a very wise thing to do. And, and you, you know, that's,
that's where the fear is with, uh,
a lot of Democrats that someone is gonna go independent and that's someone who
is popular,
perhaps you would go independent and suck a lot of the votes away from the
democratic party. People disagree with the direction it's going,
and then that's how the Republicans would win. Yeah.
I'm not, I'm not gonna do that. Yeah. Uh, I've, I've been asked that a, a,
a ton of times since, uh, I don't know,
months ago and every single time I've been asked, I I've said the answer is no,
I'm running to be the democratic nominee.
I will not run as a third party candidate. And, uh,
I think that's something else that's, that's been interesting. And again,
very transparent if you're paying attention is no matter how many times I answer
that question from reporters. And,
and no matter how many times my answer is consistently the same, no. Um,
that was another thing that Hillary Clinton, uh,
and others continue to point out like, oh, well,
we think we think she's gonna run as a third party candidate.
And she's gonna be the reason that Donald Trump wins and all this other,
she' not playing ball. No. And it, and they're, they're clearly trafficking and,
and things that aren't true again,
why to raise that question people's minds and to raise that suspicion and,
and to, to do their best, to try to, to undermine the support that,
that we're getting from people.